Data transparency in healthcare
is not just about data or creating analytical reports.
It's really about understanding cost, quality, risks,
and consequences in a way that allows logistics
to evaluate performance more completely
and to take action faster.
For consumers, healthcare transparency means
having the right information at the right time
and in the right form.
This is in order to engage in
value-based healthcare decision-making.
A general example of this would be when a patient
gets an appointment card to come back
to the audiology clinic.
There is transparency in that the patient will get the date,
time, clinic name, clinic location, and doctor
they will be seeing upon the next visit.
As a result, the patient does not have to guess when
and where to go for any followups.